languages/nix: change nixpkgs-fmt to nixfmt (rfc-style) (#383)
NotAShelf/nvf: docs/release-notes/rl-0.7.md

## Changelog {#sec-release-0.7-changelog}

[nezia1](https://github.com/nezia1):

- Replace [nixpkgs-fmt](https://github.com/nix-community/nixpkgs-fmt) with [nixfmt](https://github.com/NixOS/nixfmt) (nixfmt-rfc-style). 

> 

Reviewer: Move this to the end of the document.

one type, you can simply change

- `vim.autocomplete.*` -> `vim.autocomplete.nvim-cmp.*`
- # `vim.autopairs.enable` -> `vim.autopairs.nvim-autopairs.enable`

### `nixpkgs-fmt` removed in favor of `nixfmt` {#sec-nixpkgs-fmt-deprecation}

> `nixpkgs-fmt` has been archived for a while, and has been replaced with `nixfmt`
> (more information can be found [here](https://github.com/nix-community/nixpkgs-f
> mt?tab=readme-ov-file#nixpkgs-fmt---nix-code-formatter-for-nixpkgs). It has been
> deprecated under `vim.languages.nix.type`, and will throw an error in nvf
> configurations using it.
> 
> To migrate to the newer `nixfmt`, simply update `vim.languages.nix.format.type`
> to `nixfmt` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`nixpkgs-fmt` has been archived for a while, and it's finally being removed in
favor of nixfmt (more information can be found
[here](https://github.com/nix-community/nixpkgs-fmt?tab=readme-ov-file#nixpkgs-fmt---nix-code-formatter-for-nixpkgs).

To migrate to `nixfmt`, simply change `vim.languages.nix.format.type` to
`nixfmt`.
```
